Title: Bio

## Early Years

**Ivan FF** was born to an *albino unicorn* and *conjoined Siamese twin cats* in the year of our Lord 1337 (the only record of the month was lost when the ancient monastery of Santa Tigre was immolated by priests of a clashing order in the 15th century). As a child, his favorite words were *pistachio* and *avocado*, while the words *moist* and *homunculus* invariably made him shudder. His worst fears were peanut butter and being stuck in a rock crevice which was just wide enough to slip into but not as easy to get back out of. His most adored foods, hobbies, pastimes, and meteorological phenomena were cactus pears, rambutan, jellyfish tentacles, sea urchins, collecting people's fallen baby teeth, old coins, paper clips of various colors and sizes, the revered sport of ratabagnami, total solar eclipses, and hail. Most of his friends were centaurs, but his favorite companion was a red-speckled snake-girl named *Iphigenia*.

He was early betrothed to *Iphigenia*, but political incompatibilities led to a complete rupture before either came of age.

An indifferent scholar in his early boyhood, he went on to study the classical fields of alchemy and necromancy under the draconian master Ciberius. Being proficient in these arts, he traveled the known world and other unknown parts of it for several years by sea, by land, and by air, practicing his craft for the benefit of the needy. His only accepted form of payment was ribald limericks, the recitation of which caused maidens' ears to turn beet red. Aside from offending the modesty of virgins, his favorite occupation at this time was the conjuring of cloud-shapes, some of which were quite fantastical and rivaled in elaborateness and boldness of design the works of the greatest masters.

## Middle Years

Having wound his way through his circuitous and leisurely wanderings to the forbidden island of Hespex, he slew the terrible Colossal Chameleon who had been a torment to all sailors and unfortunate travelers since time immemorial. He thereby gained his poetic epithet, "Ivan the Chameleon Killer." Afterwards he fought valiantly in the 1356 Battle of Igoobaloo, distinguishing himself by such feats of martial prowess as engulfing his opponents in a gigantic fireball and cutting off their heads and legs simultaneously with a scimitar in each hand. He went on from hamlet to hamlet of the Black Coasts, dispatching murderous tyrants and chimeric monstrosities in each locale and earning the undying gratitude of the humble citizenry.

## Middle Middle Years

Wearied of his life of bloodshed, Ivan FF retired to the peaceful meadows of Wynsomnowaie, which everyone knows is situated at the very ends of the earth, so very close to the extremity of our planet that inhabitants are constantly cautioned to step carefully lest they should fall over the edge one hapless day. There in 1362-3 he encountered the one-eyed enchantress Lycaceum Liannas Luluphonesynaeus, who had suddenly risen up from her hiding place behind a boulder and thrown her shoe at his head. After a breakneck romance of two fortnights the two were wed under the auspices of the High Priest Silenius Tabernus. They soon formed a two-person traveling show, combining their various talents to entertain and terrorize the populace of Ensylephum. However, after the misfortune of three miscarriages in rapid succession, Ivan FF and his despairing young wife journeyed to the legendary isle of Bluglot, whose powers were said to be able to heal any ailment from corns on the toes to advanced cancer of the spine. Sadly, when our heroine had at last successfully delivered herself of an infant girl, named Melophema, the child was spirited away and viciously disembowelled by the Ivan's dreaded half-brother, Maurice the Malingerer. Lycaceum, driven wild with grief, cut out her own heart and placed it, entombed in an unbreakable box of Sybellanaic metallurgic craftsmanship, in the care of Ivan, who is said to have buried it in the sand at the very bottom of Halpixa, the river of unforgetting.

## Late Years

Ivan FF searched the world far and wide for traces of his half-brother, and finally slew the fraternal fiend on the heights of Mount Cylagonas. But curiously, his rage was not sated by this just revenge and the restlessness of his heart drove him to all corners of the earth. What he did there is not known, except that some whisper of terrible magics and dark energies which he learned to harness, accruing all recondite and forbidden knowledge. By the time he emerged from his self-imposed solitude, he had already reached the hoary venerable age of 53. He was the most enlightened man of his time and, in addition, had an inexplicable liking for Labernese licorice, the vilest confection known to most of us. After challenging the dropsical king Sylengeas to his throne, he defeated that old fool and assumed the sovereignty of Hylaphyxia. To this day he is pottering among his books and flasks and crucibles, and is known throughout the six-and-a-half kingdoms as the guardian protector of four-eyed kittens and five-footed humans.
